[Music]
Very good, how are you my dear
lovers of the heart, attention because this
news is very important and exclusive. It was
released this afternoon near the
end of Ana Rosa's program. Marisa
Martin Blazquez. Well, you already know that
Antonio Montero's women and he is a
person who is also quite objective
and clear. When he has had to defend
the Flores Moreno families during all
these months, he has done so. I believe that
this information is quite reliable. There is
talk of a document
that would already be on the table waiting to
finish reaching an agreement. It is a
document prior to
Antonio David's divorce from Olga. In this document,
Olga would be asking for
her to be completely out of this whole
problem of the lifting of assets.
You know that it was pointed out to her. There were not
many people who said that maybe Olga did
not know what she was signing, that she
had signed
on her own, trusting her husband. No, and what,
and what good. What she is asking for is to be
completely out of it, that if she is convicted,
he would take charge of the
administrative sanction so that she would not have
any problems. And well, you know what
facts  but that he is being judged now in
February is a very
delicate matter that could cause problems for
Antonio. I don't think he went to
jail. I sincerely don't think it's
going to get so complicated that he'll go
to jail, but it will give him
headaches, really
headaches. So, well, what Olga is
asking for is that it be made clear that she
had nothing to do with
being completely out of that issue.
Also, a part of the document that I
find super relevant and super
revealing of what Olga Moreno is like as a person
is that she says that she has
no problem staying with David
Fórez and that, of course, making it
clear in the document that Antonio David
can be with his children and would
have no problem being with his
children. It's never worth it, in other words, any kind of
problem and conflict with anything. It
seems very strong to me that Olga is
willing to stay with David Fórez, to
me that seems like true love. She knows that
what she's done all these years has not
been a role nor has it been a pleasing
in front of people nor has it been because
because  I assumed because she was with
Antonio David no no no no truly
she has felt like a mother okay she has
been like a mother to live Flores
look how strong she gives us a lot to
think about gives a lot to think about
I trust in the information from Marisa
Martín Blázquez more than anything
because she has always been objective and she was
supporting the Flores Moreno family in
all the media harassment and the injustice
that has been done to them so she would
have no reason to come out now and say
something that is not true it does not seem to me that on the
part of Antonio Davis and things
are like this well it would be good to sign and
fix things with Olga man since it
ends in the most cordial way
possible not that she maintains a good
relationship because the truth is that she is an
incredible person an incredible person
every time I leave her it always surprises me
but for good what do you think
families I will be reading do not
forget to subscribe to the channel if you are
not we will see you in a little while
in the next news and I send you a
huge hug
[Music]